Modified the RocketMQ document based on V1.10 (#2951)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rocketmq.md

      value: dapr-rocketmq-test-g-p
    - name: nameSpace
      value: dapr-test
    - name: nameServer
      value: "127.0.0.1:9876,127.0.0.2:9876"
    - name: retries
      value: 3
    - name: consumerModel
      value: "clustering"
    - name: consumeOrderly
      value: false
```

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
The above example uses secrets as plain strings. It is recommended to use a secret store for the secrets as described [here]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

## Spec metadata fields
| Field                                 | Required | Details                                                      | default                                                 | Example                                      |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| instanceName                          |    N     | Instance name                                                | time.Now().String()                                     | dapr-rocketmq-test                           |

> | consumerGroup                         |    N     | Consumer group name, it is  recommended. if producerGroup is null，groupName is used. |                                                         | dapr-rocketmq-test-g-c                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumerGroup                         |    N     | Consumer group name. Recommend. If `producerGroup` is `null`，`groupName` is used. |                                                         | `dapr-rocketmq-test-g-c `                     |
```

> | producerGroup (consumerID)            |    N     | Producer group Name, it is  recommended. if producerGroup is null，consumerID is used, if consumerID also is null, groupName is used. |                                                         | dapr-rocketmq-test-g-p                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| producerGroup (consumerID)            |    N     | Producer group name. Recommended. If `producerGroup` is `null`，`consumerID` is used. If `consumerID` also is null, `groupName` is used. |                                                         | dapr-`rocketmq-test-g-p`                      |
```

> | groupName                             |    N     | Consumer/Producer group name, it is Deprecated               |                                                         | dapr-rocketmq-test-g                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| groupName                             |    N     | Consumer/Producer group name. **Depreciated**.               |                                                         | `dapr-rocketmq-test-g`                         |
```

Reviewer: @msfussell @greenie-msft just want to check - how do we typically handle a depreciated metadata field in the docs. Do we remove it, or ok to mention it like above?

> | nameSpace                             |    N     | rocketmq namespace                                           |                                                         | dapr-rocketmq                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nameSpace                             |    N     | RocketMQ namespace                                           |                                                         | `dapr-rocketmq`                                |
```

> | nameServerDomain                      |    N     | rocketmq name server domain                                  |                                                         | https://my-app.net:8080/nsaddr               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nameServerDomain                      |    N     | RocketMQ name server domain                                  |                                                         | `https://my-app.net:8080/nsaddr`               |
```

> | nameServer                            |    N     | rocketmq name server, It's separated by "," or ";"           |                                                         | 127.0.0.1:9876;127.0.0.2:9877,127.0.0.3:9877 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nameServer                            |    N     | RocketMQ name server, separated by "," or ";"           |                                                         | 127.0.0.1:9876;127.0.0.2:9877,127.0.0.3:9877 |
```

| accessKey                             |    N     | Access Key (Username)                                        |                                                         | `"admin"`                                    |
| secretKey                             |    N     | Secret Key (Password)                                        |                                                         | `"password"`                                 |
| securityToken                         |    N     | Security Token                                               |                                                         |                                              |

> | retries                               |    N     | Retry times to send msg to broker                            | 3                                                       | 3                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| retries                               |    N     | Number of retries to send a message to broker                            | 3                                                       | 3                                            |
```

> | producerQueueSelector (queueSelector) |    N     | Producer Queue selector. There are five implementations of queue selector，hash, random, manual, roundRobin, dapr(default)，respectively. | dapr                                                    | hash                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| producerQueueSelector (queueSelector) |    N     | Producer Queue selector. There are five implementations of queue selector: `hash`, `random`, `manual`, `roundRobin`, `dapr`. | `dapr`                                                    | `hash`                                         |
```

> | consumerModel                         |    N     | Message model defines the way how messages are delivered to each consumer clients. RocketMQ supports two message models: clustering and broadcasting. | clustering                                              | broadcasting                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumerModel                         |    N     | Message model that defines how messages are delivered to each consumer client. RocketMQ supports two message models: `clustering` and `broadcasting`. | `clustering`                                              | `broadcasting`                                 |
```

> | fromWhere (consumeFromWhere)          |    N     | Consuming point on consumer booting. There are three consuming points: CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET, CONSUME_FROM_FIRST_OFFSET, CONSUME_FROM_TIMESTAMP | ConsumeFromLastOffset                                   | CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fromWhere (consumeFromWhere)          |    N     | Consuming point on consumer booting. There are three consuming points: `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`, `CONSUME_FROM_FIRST_OFFSET`, `CONSUME_FROM_TIMESTAMP` | `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`                                   | `CONSUME_FROM_LAST_OFFSET`                     |
```

> | consumeOrderly                        |    N     | Whether it is an ordered message using FIFO order. This field defaults to false. | false                                                   | false                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumeOrderly                        |    N     | Determines if it's an ordered message using FIFO order.  | `false`                                                   | `false`                                        |
```

> | consumeMessageBatchMaxSize            |    N     | Batch consumption size out of range [1, 1024]                | 512                                                     | 10                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumeMessageBatchMaxSize            |    N     | Batch consumption size out of range `[1, 1024]`                | `512`                                                     | `10`                                           |
```

> | maxReconsumeTimes                     |    N     | Max re-consume times. -1 means 16 times. If messages are re-consumed more than {@link maxReconsumeTimes} before Success, it's be directed to a deletion queue waiting. | orderly message is MaxInt32, concurrently message is 16 | 16                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| maxReconsumeTimes                     |    N     | Max re-consume times. `-1` means 16 times. If messages are re-consumed more than {@link maxReconsumeTimes} before success, they'll be directed to a deletion queue. | Orderly message is `MaxInt32`; Concurrently message is `16` | `16`                                          |
```

> | autoCommit                            |    N     | auto commit                                                  | true                                                    | false                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| autoCommit                            |    N     | Enable auto commit                                                  | `true`                                                    | `false`                                        |
```

> | pullInterval                          |    N     | Message pull Interval                                        | 100                                                     | 100                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullInterval                          |    N     | Message pull interval                                        | `100`                                                     | `100`                                          |
```

> | pullBatchSize                         |    N     | The number of messages pulled from the broker at a time. if pullBatchSize is null，ConsumerBatchSize is used. pullBatchSize out of range [1, 1024] | 32                                                      | 10                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pullBatchSize                         |    N     | The number of messages pulled from the broker at a time. If `pullBatchSize` is `null`, use `ConsumerBatchSize`. `pullBatchSize` out of range `[1, 1024]` | `32`                                                      | `10`                                           |
```

> | content-type                          |    N     | Message content-type, e.g., `"application/cloudevents+json; charset=utf-8"`, `"application/octet-stream"`. This field defaults to "text/plain" |                                                         | `"text/plain"`                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| content-type                          |    N     | Message content type.  | `"text/plain"`                                                        | `"application/cloudevents+json; charset=utf-8"`, `"application/octet-stream"`                              |
```

> | logLevel                              |    N     | Log level                                                    | warn                                                    | Info                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| logLevel                              |    N     | Log level                                                    | `warn`                                                    | `info`                                         |
```

> | sendTimeOut                           |    N     | send msg timeout to connect rocketmq's broker, nanoseconds. It is deprecated. | 3 seconds                                               | 10000000000                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sendTimeOut                           |    N     | Send message timeout to connect RocketMQ's broker, measured in nanoseconds. **Deprecated**. | 3 seconds                                               | `10000000000`                                  |
```

For default, just checking - 3 seconds or 3 nanoseconds?

> | sendTimeOutSec                        |    N     | Timeout duration for publishing a message in seconds. if sendTimeOutSec is null，sendTimeOut is used. | 3 seconds                                               | 3                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sendTimeOutSec                        |    N     | Timeout duration for publishing a message in seconds. If `sendTimeOutSec` is `null`, `sendTimeOut` is used. | 3 seconds                                               | `3`                                            |
```

> | mspProperties                         |    N     | The RocketMQ message properties in this collection are passed to the APP in Data Separate multiple properties with "," |                                                         | key,mkey                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mspProperties                         |    N     | The RocketMQ message properties in this collection are passed to the APP in Data Separate multiple properties with "," |                                                         | `key,mkey`                                     |
```

For backwards-compatibility reasons, the following values in the metadata are supported, although their use is discouraged.

| Field (supported but deprecated) | Required | Details                                                  | Example                  |
| -------------------------------- | :------: | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| groupName                        |    N     | Producer group name for RocketMQ publishers              | `"my_unique_group_name"` |
| sendTimeOut                      |    N     | Timeout duration for publishing a message in nanoseconds | `0`                      |

> | consumerBatchSize                |    N     | The number of messages pulled from the broker at a time  | 32                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| consumerBatchSize                |    N     | The number of messages pulled from the broker at a time  | `32`                       |
```

      }'
```

## QueueSelector

> The dapr rocketmq component contains five Queue selectors. These are HashQueueSelector, RandomQueueSelector, RoundRobinQueueSelector, ManualQueueSelector, DaprQueueSelector. Four of these are provided by the rocketmq client. DaprQueueSelector is implemented by the dapr rocketmq component. If you want to know more about the Queue selectors hash, roundRobin, Random and Manual, please read https://rocketmq.apache.org/docs.  Let me focus on the design of DaprQueueSelector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RocketMQ component contains a total of five queue selectors. The RocketMQ client provides the following queue selectors:
- `HashQueueSelector`
- `RandomQueueSelector`
- `RoundRobinQueueSelector`
- `ManualQueueSelector`

To learn more about these RocketMQ client queue selectors, read the [RocketMQ documentation](https://rocketmq.apache.org/docs).

The Dapr RocketMQ component implements the following queue selector:
- `DaprQueueSelector`

 This article focuses on the design of `DaprQueueSelector`.
```

### DaprQueueSelector

> DaprQueueSelector integrates three Queue selectors: HashQueueSelector, RoundRobinQueueSelector, ManualQueueSelector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DaprQueueSelector` integrates three queue selectors: 
- `HashQueueSelector`
- `RoundRobinQueueSelector`
- `ManualQueueSelector`
```

> First, it gets the queue id from the request parameter. You can set the queue id by doing the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DaprQueueSelector` gets the queue id from the request parameter. You can set the queue id by running the following:
```

```
http://localhost:3500/v1.0/publish/myRocketMQ/myTopic?metadata.rocketmq-queue=1
```

> That's how ManualQueueSelector is implemented. The method above also works for ManualQueueSelector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ManualQueueSelector` is implemented using the method above.
```

> Second, it will try to get a ShardingKey, and hash the ShardingKey to determine the queue id if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the `DaprQueueSelector` tries to:
- Get a `ShardingKey`
- Hash the `ShardingKey` to determine the queue id.
```

> You can set the ShardingKey by doing the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `ShardingKey` by doing the following:
```

```
http://localhost:3500/v1.0/publish/myRocketMQ/myTopic?metadata.rocketmq-shardingkey=key
```

> If the shardingkey does not exist, the RoundRobin algorithm is used to determine the queue id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `ShardingKey` does not exist, the `RoundRobin` algorithm is used to determine the queue id.
```
